Constraint the following distance after current maneuver for camera. (#4070)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `StyleManager` was not applying style on iPad. ([#4039](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4039))
* Added filling of `Incident` properties `countryCodeAlpha3`, `countryCode`, `roadIsClosed`, `longDescription`, `numberOfBlockedLanes`, `congestionLevel`, `affectedRoadNames` when receiving `RoadObject` via Electronic Horizon. ([#4045](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4045))
* Fixed and issue where simulation `inTunnels` or `onPoorGPS` could teleport user puck to the route origin. ([#4058](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4058))

> * Fixed and inssue where the user location indicator moves out of view when approaching complex intersections. ([#4070](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4070))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the user location indicator moves out of view when approaching complex intersections. ([#4070](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4070))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll fix the typo.
